or I have got the worst memory ever but
I think my earliest memory would
probably be holding my little sister for
the first time and she was just born if
I was invisible for a day I think I
would probably stalk a Johnny Depp and
I'd sneak him to his dressing room as
well got a little crush
my biggest indulgence has got to be
shopping I love it I buy everything I'm
a little bit addicted to buying handbags
I must say and shoes and chocolate not
chocolate my fancy dress costume of
choice or anything scary I absolutely
love Halloween it's my favorite holiday
so I'm anything really creepy I think if
I could dance with anyone in the whole
world it would have to be Gene Kelly
because I got brought up on all of his
films and singing in the rain was what
inspired me to be in this industry he'd
definitely be able to dance circles
around me but his phenomenal